this is just frozen dinner sucked only
video from Trader Joe's and I wanted to
talk about the frozen dinners because
Trader Joe's has the yummiest yummiest
frozen dinners and I think they're very
very affordable so prior to Trader Joe's
I used to buy like Lean Cuisine and
Marie Callender's frozen dinners and all
that you know box dinners over at the
grocery store so I stopped that
completely and just buy frozen dinners
from either Costco when the kids have
got spinach pasta and and what-have-you
but mainly for the adults it's just the
Trader Joe's so gotta show you this not
frozen dinner but this is a trade a
staple purchase of our Trader Joe's
which is the Irish butter we have to
have this butter this is the best butter
there is but if you're on the go just
toss up some English muffins or toast
bread and put this onto your toast and
it is just a little coffee to go okay
now back to our frozen dinners these are
the frozen tears that I get happy for
work they have there's actually four
different ones that I do get him there's
um something like this which is also
vegetables it's all vegetables and it's
in a red box but it's basically all
sorts of vegetables and some tortellini
pasta I think it is but it's like a
dollar ninety-nine or two twenty nine
one of those prices so I get about two
of those two of these two of the other
ones and the other one is a shell of
Alfredo bowtie pasta with asparagus that
hubby also loves but this one right here
a dollar ninety nine from Trader Joe's
and this is a very fulfilling meal for
lunch or dinner so I do recommend these
spots dinners from Trader Joe's this one
was roughly about I think two
- something $2.99 I would say but very
very flavorful as well all these are
very very flavorful I think they're
they're almost like a restaurant quality
dinner for especially this one
very good we have hubby and I have this
as a dinner like every other week I buy
two packets but if I'm home alone I will
also have this just for myself for lunch
and then I'll save the other half of it
because it is it is a large I might says
serving four containers two of them so I
have half of it during lunch and then
when he comes home then he already has
his dinner for the night and this is I
think out of all of these this is the
most expensive one I believe this is
about four dollars kids love these as
well as me and hubby it's the mushroom
risotto from Forster he chose this one
is gosh about I think three dollars
somewhere around three dollars I just I
just cooked up one from for the kiddos
last night and it was the alfredo sauce
one so I buy one packet and then I grill
up some chicken and leave it in the
fridge and cut them up for the kids and
then put it into the Alfredo little ones
that they also have this one have your
likes and this one is bending Queenie
with clam sauce this one we've had a
couple times and one packet is enough
for two people so if you have a
boyfriend husband this is a simple
needle to cook up and then all you have
to do is just sauté up some some
vegetables as a side dish or even just
steamed up some asparagus or whatever
vegetables you have or some salads it's
already a meal in itself this one is
also good the mushroom ravioli with
mushroom truffle sauce the only thing
about this one is when I do cook it it
is
to shred up a bit so it doesn't stay in
its little ravioli pasta pockets it
tends to melt as it melts it's shredding
it comes to pieces basically and the
funny thing is all these dinners I've
noticed it's add two tablespoons of
water every single one of them either
two or three tablespoons of water and
then that's it but there we go just a
very quick video to show you guys that
if you're in a hurry the best meals to
get are from Trader Joe's simple meals
that's enough for two people and pack
these up when you're going to work or
going to school and it's very appetizing
and fulfilling so there you go guys
quick lunch or quick dinner by Mahalo